DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 61b07cec; mode: operate; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode operate --from 61b07cec --reroll 1 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
RE-ROLL ROUND 1: every candidate presented in earlier rounds, grounded
  and challenger alike, is eliminated and may not return reworded. Derive
  genuinely new grounded candidates from unexplored angles before judging
  these fresh challengers.
ASSIGNED INDEX: 7
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  7 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. an anti-aliased racing league identity, fictional team marks built from pure geometry, sponsor decals for products that do not exist, chunky pixel-smoothed type over velocity
     SOURCE ID: digital-design-canon-antialiased-racing-league
     CREATIVE SPARK: you hover over a craft and its acid-yellow livery floods the readouts, sponsor decals for drinks that were never sold gliding past, the whole screen leaning into the left-to-right pull of a track you cannot see
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: safety orange and acid yellow team marks on matte graphite track gray, white decal fields, the current team's color floods the heads-up readouts
       - Type/composition: chunky extended caps softened by anti-aliasing, angled decal lockups, numerals oversized like hull livery, layouts race left to right along the motion axis
       - Topology/navigation: sections are teams and circuits, you move by picking a liveried craft, wayfinding reads like trackside signage strobing past at speed
       - Controls/state: selection stamps an item with the team decal and floods it with team color, speed and status read as segmented counters, disabled craft sit unpainted in gray
       - Responsive/motion: livery lockups stack vertically on narrow screens like a nose cone, motion is horizontal streak and decal snap
     WEB LEVERAGE: svg keeps the decal geometry sharp at any scale; css transforms and blur filters carry the horizontal streak
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/digital-design-canon-antialiased-racing-league.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/digital-design-canon-antialiased-racing-league-hero.webp
  2. a travel document surface pairing a segmented boarding pass with a live gate board, the pass carrying a scannable block and a sequence number while the board reranks flights by departure and reflows a changed gate in place
     SOURCE ID: vernacular-ephemera-boarding-pass-and-gate-board
     CREATIVE SPARK: The gate changes and the row does not disappear and come back somewhere else; it moves, and it stays lit until you have noticed.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: high-contrast neutral panels with one alert color reserved for changes, and a monospaced scannable block as the only texture
       - Type/composition: the pass divided into labeled segments with tabular figures, and the board ranking flights in a fixed column grid
       - Topology/navigation: departure time orders everything, so navigation is watching a ranking rather than searching a list
       - Controls/state: controls are flight rows, a changed gate flashes its alert color and holds it, and boarded flights drop off the board
       - Responsive/motion: board columns drop by priority and the pass stacks its segments, and motion is a row reranking in place
     WEB LEVERAGE: live rerank animation preserving row identity, priority-based responsive columns, and persistent change state
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/vernacular-ephemera-boarding-pass-and-gate-board.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/vernacular-ephemera-boarding-pass-and-gate-board-hero.webp
  3. a broadcast teletext magazine, three-digit pages of block-mosaic graphics and double-height headers held in a 40 by 24 character grid on black
     SOURCE ID: broadcast-programming-teletext-service
     CREATIVE SPARK: You key 302 and the header counts pages in the corner; the screen blinks and a football score builds itself from cyan blocks on black, and behind the quiz question an answer waits invisible until your thumb finds REVEAL.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: the fixed broadcast eight on flat black, white for body text, yellow for headlines, cyan for live figures, red reserved for alerts and REVEAL answers
       - Type/composition: one bitmap face in a rigid 40 by 24 cell grid, double-height rows for section headers, block-mosaic sixels drawing every graphic from the same cells
       - Topology/navigation: every page holds a three-digit address keyed directly; magazines group by hundreds and subpages rotate on a timed carousel you can hold
       - Controls/state: keying digits is the whole input; loading counts page numbers in the header, hidden answers wait behind REVEAL, held subpages show a HOLD flag
       - Responsive/motion: the 40-cell row is sacred, small screens scale the cell rather than reflow; motion is subpage rotation and blink, both stoppable to a held still
     WEB LEVERAGE: ch-unit CSS grid and a bitmap face keep the 40 by 24 cell lattice exact; keyboard digits route pages and a REVEAL state toggles hidden spans
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/broadcast-programming-teletext-service.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/broadcast-programming-teletext-service-hero.webp
  4. a pixel-art arcade cabinet screen, where fat luminous pixels, scanlines, and phosphor bloom turn a 240-line grid into a stage with real glow
     SOURCE ID: medium-native-crt-arcade-pixel-glow
     CREATIVE SPARK: Up close it is just squares; at play distance the squares fuse into a hero, and the black between scanlines is doing half the work.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: a sixteen-color sprite palette over phosphor black, scanline gaps doing half the shading, flashing white-gold reserved by law for power-ups
       - Type/composition: eight-by-eight pixel caps for score and menus pinned to the top edge, the playfield composing in whole tiles with nothing allowed off-grid
       - Topology/navigation: space is a tile grid with screen-by-screen rooms; the camera moves in whole-pixel steps.
       - Controls/state: states are sprite swaps with strict palette discipline; damage, power, and rarity are palette laws.
       - Responsive/motion: integer scaling preserves the grid at every size; bloom and scanlines are togglable capability layers.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Crisp integer-scaled canvas with shader scanline glow, and every sprite state addressable in code.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-crt-arcade-pixel-glow.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-crt-arcade-pixel-glow-hero.webp
  5. a seamless cyclorama passing from black night through cobalt and rose into white day, where light alone creates an infinite horizon behind the actors
     SOURCE ID: stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn
     CREATIVE SPARK: The curved wall begins as depthless black; a low cobalt band appears, rose gathers above it, and the actors acquire shadows before the stage becomes day.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: depthless cyc black as ground, a low cobalt horizon band as structure, rose gathering above it, white-day wash reserved for the fully active state
       - Type/composition: lighting-plot stencil caps for cue names with tabular numerals, content held in horizontal horizon bands stacked from dark to light
       - Topology/navigation: Organize atmosphere by horizon band, time phase, subject relation, and transition interval.
       - Controls/state: Raise, blend, hold, and compare with night, first light, dawn, day, and blackout states.
       - Responsive/motion: Offer discrete atmospheric phases with labels and patterns so color is never the sole signal.
     WEB LEVERAGE: A scrubbable cue timeline binds horizon bands to actor and scene state, making each light transition inspectable while named cue states remain deep-linkable and text-equivalent.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn-hero.webp
  6. a newly formed cloud edge diffracting sunlight through similarly sized droplets, with pastel bands shifting as droplet distribution and angular distance from the sun change
     SOURCE ID: clouds-storms-auroras-iridescent-cloud-edge
     CREATIVE SPARK: A plain white cloud grows a narrow crown of mint, rose, and violet; minutes later the droplets broaden in size and the entire spectral edge dissolves.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: plain cloud white ground with slate gray body ink, a narrow fringe of mint, rose, and violet at the edge, violet marking the active band
       - Type/composition: quiet thin humanist sans, wide white margins, color confined to hairline band edges while the text field stays achromatic
       - Topology/navigation: Move between cloud body, droplet-size sample, angular color band, observation moment, and competing explanation.
       - Controls/state: Adjust droplet distribution, compare images, mark uncertainty, and inspect absent, forming, vivid, and dispersed states.
       - Responsive/motion: Stack image, spectrum, and droplet evidence on phones; never require device motion or direct viewing near the sun.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Local image analysis, a droplet-diffraction model, and shareable comparison states let users test observed bands against particle-size hypotheses while retaining safe-viewing guidance and semantic spectra.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/clouds-storms-auroras-iridescent-cloud-edge.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/clouds-storms-auroras-iridescent-cloud-edge-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 61b07cec --scope direction --mode operate,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 7. Build candidate
7 of your own grounded list; seed key 61b07cec.
